Fix 2.2.9 Bugs for Release. Command Status, Web Cache, & Web Timing (#2169)
dotnet/vscode-dotnet-runtime: vscode-dotnet-runtime-extension/CHANGELOG.md

- Adds Automated SDK Installation community support for Debian : thank you @curllog for your help!
- Fixes an issue with install scripts on validating the dotnet install.
- Fixes an issue with the Uninstall command.
- Improvements to how installations are managed and tracked.

## [2.2.9] - 2025-3-12

> - Wide-scale performance improvements throughout the entire extension. Better asynchronicity, efficient utilization of shells, eliminating process calls, improving file system / io.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Wide-scale performance improvements throughout the entire extension. Better asynchronicity, efficient utilization of shells, eliminating process calls, improving file system I/O.

```
